chore: Write release notes for 0.28.0 (#1827)
shorebirdtech/shorebird: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This section contains past updates we've sent to customers via Discord.

> ## 0.28.0 (March 27, 2024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.28.0 (March 28, 2024)
```

🚀 Apps with a patch applied on iOS run much faster than previously.
💾 `shorebird release` saves XCode Version and OS to console.shorebird.dev
   to help diagnose any later issues during patching.

Shorebird's Flutter 3.19.4 contains a re-write of our Dart build pipeline on iOS
which eliminates any slowdowns caused by patching Dart code in most cases. We
built a new mechanism to make patched code build much more similarly to
unpatched code, thus allowing more code sharing between the "patch" and
"release" builds resulting in much faster execution at runtime.

Most patches on iOS should now run at speeds indistinguishable from releases.

> If the tool-chain detects a case where the patch will run slower, it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the toolchain detects a case where the patch will run slower, it will
```

provide a warning. If you see any of these warnings, please let us know!

Note: `shorebird patch ios` now takes a little longer as it has to do
more work when building a patch.

This is probably our last iOS beta before we declare Shorebird Code Push 1.0.

> We still have one more slowdown for un-patched builds we need to fix, but we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We still have one more slowdown for unpatched builds we need to fix, but we
```
